reddit-slideify/README.md, before:

# Slideify Reddit

This Chrome extension creates a simple slide-show of images on an image-oriented
reddit page such as [ProgrammerHumor](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/), 
and allows you to navigate using the arrow keys. There are many such meme-oriented
websites, which may benefit from this idea, by reducing the clutter in the view.

It is a demonstration of how to change a third-party webpage view using CSS and
browser extensions. It does not use web scraping to extract images, but just 
restructures the CSS to show and hide certain elements on the page for a slide-show 
view and navigation.

### Install

You can visit the Chrome extension web store to install the extension directly
in your Chrome browser.

Alternatively, you can use the source code here to load an unpacked extension in
the browser, in developer mode.

Once installed, visit a subreddit such as one linked above, and then click on
the browser extension icon next to the address bar.

### Privacy

The extension does not collect any data or logs.

This extension only works on the reddit website. If you are worried 
about the extension accessing other websites, you can always look at the source
code, and/or install it in a new browser profile, where no other websites are
opened.

### Note

This tool is not affiliated or supported by Reddit. This is just a convenient way
to browse some subreddits.

Commit message:

fix some bug, and support xkcd

reddit-slideify/README.md, after:

# Slideify Reddit

This Chrome extension creates a simple slide-show of images on an image-oriented
reddit page such as [ProgrammerHumor](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/), 
and allows you to navigate using the arrow keys. There are many such meme-oriented
websites, which may benefit from this idea, by reducing the clutter in the view.

It is extended to also support the [xkcd](https://xkcd.com/) website.

It is a demonstration of how to change a third-party webpage view using CSS and
browser extensions. It does not use web scraping to extract images, but just 
restructures the CSS to show and hide certain elements on the page for a slide-show 
view and navigation.

### Install

You can visit the Chrome extension web store to install the extension directly
in your Chrome browser.

Alternatively, you can use the source code here to load an unpacked extension in
the browser, in developer mode.

Once installed, visit a subreddit such as one linked above, and then click on
the browser extension icon next to the address bar.

### Privacy

The extension does not collect any data or logs.

This extension only works on the reddit or xkcd website. If you are worried 
about the extension accessing other websites, you can always look at the source
code, and/or install it in a new browser profile, where no other websites are
opened.

### Note

This tool is not affiliated or supported by Reddit. This is just a convenient way
to browse some subreddits.
